If I take a cell and I put my nucleus in the center of the cell, right
in the center,
it's not polarized.
I have to exchange with whom? With my environment.
I have to exchange with you.
Well, if I create here, there, I create a possibility of exchange, the same
for my entire environment.
On the other hand, an image, and that's why, remember,
In a cell, in all the cells of
your body, the nucleus is never in the center.
It is always off-center.
And that is the momentary image of a polarity.
Why? Because if I have a cell here with an off-center nucleus,
I have a much more important metabolic activity
here.
And I must have this field of greater activity.
That increases the metabolic force.
And that is the expression of polarity.
You see?
Let's go back to the stage where I am an oocyte.
We saw that it had been polarized by small cells around it
that had released things, that had created what is called Wolper's flag.
Do you remember?
The cry.
there are molecular concentrations
atomic within my very system
which makes it polarized.
So there is a force, there is a plus, there is a minus.
The sperm, when it arrives,
it comes to touch the membrane.
We will see in detail, it releases a hormone
called ZP3,
which is a very specific thing,
but very interesting to know.
later, my polarity which is here, inside the embryo, which
was there, it's like
I had a compass, with my north and my south, you see, except
that I don't know
where north and south are.
It is not oriented in relation to my environment, it is oriented
in relation
to my space.
And the moment the sperm arrives, there is a reorganization.
Global reorganization of the system in relation to space.
The electric field reorganizes itself in relation to this level.
It receives membrane information,
there is a cortical degranulation that occurs inside,
so that only one passes.
It's an extraordinary encounter,
between these two heritages, these two movements.
It's a miracle every time.
And then, all of a sudden, my oocyte,
It is polarized and the meeting of my two heritages will be created.
That will form a nucleus, a field.
And the nucleus, if you will, is on the, so to speak, electrical axis of the system.
But it corresponds to the fact that it is off-center.
It's its response to the whole.
Now, where is the largest electric field in our body?
it's along our spine.
That's a power.
From my brain, there is a very powerful electric field.
There is a large electric field at the heart level.
There is a large electric, electromagnetic field here.
But the most important axis is along my spine.
It is a very important neurological exchange site right down to your
fingers.
But there is a concentration around it.
So we're going to do a practice and we're going to imagine that we're just a cell.
on the table
and we're going to come
we're not going to do much
you're going to put yourself
one of you is just going to stand at the foot
you see, you stand over there
you go down a little lower here
so someone stands here
but we don't care how we touch
the only thing is that we touch
you can touch here
the only thing is that we touch gently
you stand there, you take a chair
you take a chair
you stand here, you stand there, and we will see in
embryology that we start from there and we come back there.
It's as if, at some point, we're going to leave, we're in the void,
and then all of a sudden, we're going to be attached by a thread like that, in the universe, you see, in the universe of the
sea,
and then everything will develop, everything will come back around, like that.
We go from a pedicle to a cord.
everything integrates here
the navel is always in the right place
sometimes it's us who are not in the right place
everything
nothing to try to do like that no
comes back in all that
because he is connected with
we call it the anterior sky
the posterior sky
we're just going to
by simply standing there
put ourselves under this reference
and let's see how the body
it organizes itself.
That, you will have to learn to recognize in practice.
Suddenly, suddenly, a process can set in.
And that, you have to accompany it.
Because it's health that starts to work.
You have to accompany it.
We are hypnotized by the eyes.
We are attracted by that.
And there, I propose to you, in the work we are going to do with embryology,
This biodynamics is, I saw you but I'm not going with you.
I recognize, no, no, I saw you, I saw you, but I remain on health.
I remain in the dynamic of health.
I'm on the full prune of health.
I stay on it.